Dr Jameson: Hi.
David Dusseau: Can you hear me.
Dr Jameson: Yes, I can. How are you
David Dusseau: Breathing.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I just want to talk to, because your screen came back a little.
Dr Jameson: Unexpected
Dr Jameson: So,
David Dusseau: I saved it.
David Dusseau: And Chase. I'll even pay for
David Dusseau: That math.
David Dusseau: Uh huh. Yes, it said, I mean, T. H. I have ever ever touched us ever
Dr Jameson: Okay, man.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, are you, are there people using it in the house.
David Dusseau: No, no known here. It's weird because I've never even touched the stuff back in the 80s and 90s. I was buying crank offer truckers
David Dusseau: That I knew that ran east coast, west coast.
David Dusseau: And I got to know this one guy named rusty and I would buy the powder trying. I guess that's
David Dusseau: Crystal Meth, but it's not made like it is today and to, I guess, a crystal on
Dr Jameson: I guess.
David Dusseau: I'm surprised. I've never used it.
Dr Jameson: Yet, well I guess if it was around. Back in your day. You probably would have
David Dusseau: Why would you be on there.
Dr Jameson: Well, I don't know. I'm I had one lady that walked into a house one day and realized, people were smoking and like left after five or 10 minutes cuz she just didn't want to be in there and she tested positive for it.
Dr Jameson: So that's why I was
Dr Jameson: Really else was smoking it
Dr Jameson: I mean,
Dr Jameson: You're not on any
Dr Jameson: Stimulants or anything. Right.
Dr Jameson: You know,
David Dusseau: The people that live here that could be. I know the one guy doesn't rather
David Dusseau: As tried it, as I know
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I'm looking at it. I mean, it's sometimes you feel trying to decide if you think you're hallucinating. Or if you see a very, very faint line.
Dr Jameson: But I guess, I guess the
David Dusseau: Room with them.
David Dusseau: But
David Dusseau: Okay Close borders around here.
Dr Jameson: And you don't take any like Adderall or anything like that. Right.
David Dusseau: I've took one
Dr Jameson: Recently,
David Dusseau: Should that be it.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, that's what it is. Sam frenemy
David Dusseau: Oh, that shows a
Dr Jameson: Map. Yeah, well, it gets broken down into yes when
David Dusseau: I seen both on man.
David Dusseau: Huh, and
David Dusseau: The sign for at all.
David Dusseau: If you want to go have
David Dusseau: A bunch of work you
David Dusseau: Know I got hurt.
Dr Jameson: When
David Dusseau: It is one to one and doorbell rings. The dog is crazy and once
David Dusseau: You know, just
David Dusseau: Just saw you don't bite the big rock while
Dr Jameson: Sorry, I didn't hear. When did you take the Adderall.
David Dusseau: It was last week. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, maybe 10 days ago.
David Dusseau: But, you know, dog.
Dr Jameson: I don't think that's a good idea for your heart.
David Dusseau: Oh, that's for sure. But immediately after taking I took a couple extra
David Dusseau: Dime
David Dusseau: There I know out of
Dr Jameson: Well, I told you last time I want you to get that refilled from your heart doctor going forward.
Dr Jameson: Clonidine doesn't really block and it doesn't really block at all. So I, it makes me very nervous for your ticker.
David Dusseau: I know I was always told don't ever take it. I never liked it much.
David Dusseau: But I had to get to two flat tires fiction. My pickup and get it out of the backyard, and I did and cleaned him back without as so much stuff and all Robbins clothes that were in bags overland
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I think you could have done that without all
David Dusseau: Somebody offered it to me like a cool
David Dusseau: Man.
Dr Jameson: Well,
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Well, lucky for you. We don't like kick people out for taking something they're not supposed to take, but
David Dusseau: I don't
Dr Jameson: I don't want to see.
David Dusseau: The word
Dr Jameson: No, I don't want to
David Dusseau: Be worried about it.
Dr Jameson: All right.
David Dusseau: You won't see it ever again.
Dr Jameson: I'm worried about your heart as much as anything and I don't like the idea of you just taking things that you don't know what's in them. And if it's safe. Once I like you know
David Dusseau: I could count on my fingers on my time, but thank you. But before when I took it.
David Dusseau: Made me real nervous.
Dr Jameson: And
David Dusseau: My blood pressure went up real high
Dr Jameson: Mm hmm.
David Dusseau: But I was
Dr Jameson: Yeah, but I probably it's still raises your blood pressure, maybe not as high, but you're already on a very high level so quantity quantity and you shouldn't be taking any extra that stuff.
Dr Jameson: You're already
David Dusseau: Covered all was supposed to take place and
David Dusseau: Yeah, that's why they got me off and get them from you because I couldn't get off home well
Dr Jameson: I was trying to be helpful but but sometimes being helpful, you end up
Dr Jameson: You know prolonging the situation. So like I said last time, you need to get you any more refills from your heart. Doctor, I want them knowing exactly how much you're on and how much you're taking because I don't think they are going to like it.
Dr Jameson: But I don't want to be. I'm not the one that's given it to you and something goes wrong with your heart.
Dr Jameson: All right.
David Dusseau: Amen. I would never ask for even though I got my blood pressure under control, but that day that I took it, it actually put me to sleep.
David Dusseau: After we got done working and I had
David Dusseau: I was so mad because when the doorbell rang. I went out.
David Dusseau: You know, as you know how slowly, a guy with the mad hip goes down stairway.
David Dusseau: And a dog. You know, he heard that buzzer. He common right let's turn the corner of the stairs, just to set system stairs one, you know, I mean, like an L shape.
David Dusseau: And he's been 120 pounds. He hit me. And I went
David Dusseau: Down in my
David Dusseau: Shadow get extra something
David Dusseau: Some popped out, you know, whenever I kneel down or bend down it pops.
David Dusseau: My hip my
Dr Jameson: The same
David Dusseau: Con.
David Dusseau: Yes.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well,
David Dusseau: I said something to it because there's nothing there. And when the doctor takes x ray my new doctor he can't believe I mean walking away.
David Dusseau: Cuz I want everything
David Dusseau: Just a Massa
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: But I'm glad that
Dr Jameson: I'm glad that
Dr Jameson: Your other half.
Dr Jameson: I guess what I'm trying to say, like, I mean,
Dr Jameson: I'm gonna hit one. I'm sorry happened. But do you have a cane.
Dr Jameson: crutches.
Dr Jameson: Walker.
Dr Jameson: Last two
David Dusseau: Are you still there.
Yep.
David Dusseau: Oh, I can't see it, no more. But yeah, there ya.
David Dusseau: Know I knew her mother had but I'm starting to have problems with my left leg, because I use it.
Dr Jameson: Yeah well that's a man
Dr Jameson: Do you have any Walker or crutches or anything. You can use
David Dusseau: I got Walker.
David Dusseau: And I didn't ever want to use it in front of my son was his friends and all that.
David Dusseau: No, I don't know if he gets embarrassed, you know, I'm
David Dusseau: I didn't get enough know younger, I lost hair.
Dr Jameson: No.
Dr Jameson: I don't want
Dr Jameson: I want you to hurt your other hip and back and stuff for favoring this other one though and safety wise if you're on.
David Dusseau: I hope they met me she got to me soon they're talking about a news right now.
Yeah.
David Dusseau: on CNN.
David Dusseau: And whatever it is and but there. But when I called my doctor today they says when we're not scheduling at this time. Yeah, but it could be within the next three weeks.
Dr Jameson: Well,
Dr Jameson: There's, I just got an email last week about elective from the state of Ohio about elective procedure. I didn't read the whole thing cuz I don't do electric so it wasn't really relevant. But I know they are like
Dr Jameson: Being directed like they're not allowed. You know what I mean, like they are. This isn't them me vision. They're following her directives, so thank you know they gotta follow the rules, but
David Dusseau: I'm sure it's scary. I'll do you one man you think it might be getting better.
David Dusseau: That says we
David Dusseau: had doubled the amount of deaths in one week.
Dr Jameson: Mm hmm.
David Dusseau: Than ever and
Dr Jameson: That's how it works. Yep. Because each person I get present to numbers of other people. So
David Dusseau: Just figures right when I thought I was getting it again. Boom. This week before my surgery.
Dr Jameson: Now it's it's it's remarkable, the number of
David Dusseau: Thing. Yeah, reversing I hope because I wasn't gonna make it through.
Dr Jameson: I hope not to. Okay.
David Dusseau: I'm gonna make it. I'm starting
David Dusseau: A new pair yoga.
David Dusseau: So thank you for that.
Dr Jameson: Then you haven't been smoking your baby right
David Dusseau: I got
David Dusseau: in so much pain lately.
David Dusseau: Pick up a couple from people are barking.
Dr Jameson: Up your pain anyway.
Dr Jameson: You got
David Dusseau: It, buddy.
You need
Dr Jameson: Your leg, your lungs need to heal. Like, it takes time where there's no more.
Dr Jameson: Smoke in there for them to actually heal so you really gotta knock that out.
Dr Jameson: Maybe, maybe.
David Dusseau: Try meditating.
David Dusseau: This thing a lot
Dr Jameson: Of you. Okay, good.
David Dusseau: Use it.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. And then maybe the yoga will help a little bit
Yeah.
David Dusseau: And
David Dusseau: I don't know. I was smoking two packs a day.
Dr Jameson: Oh, I know you're doing so great. But, you know, one or two isn't even like doing anything for you, other than making your lungs unhappy again.
David Dusseau: I know guys
David Dusseau: Are tapping my
Naked
David Dusseau: Three. A day
David Dusseau: For the last five years that change is little reward one morning
David Dusseau: Yeah, one afternoon.
David Dusseau: Listen, one before it goes to sleep.
Dr Jameson: after your surgery is done. If you want it and you're all healed up and you want to do that, then I guess that'll be up to you but I'm telling you, I think it's a bad it's, it's an unnecessary unnecessary risk.
Dr Jameson: That you're any you won't heal as well, like your blood cells need to recalibrate without the carbon, the carbon dioxide that carbon monoxide. Actually, that's in cigarettes that gets in your blood. So
Dr Jameson: I really
Dr Jameson: If you need nicotine use a nicotine gum and nicotine spray
Dr Jameson: How are you doing,
Dr Jameson: To
David Dusseau: Fix what legacy under flavor June.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it's just inhaling anything. It's just a
David Dusseau: Pattern Jared is if we can see it.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I got
Dr Jameson: Good. I didn't know they made those, that's cool.
David Dusseau: Yeah, um,
Dr Jameson: Yeah, please.
David Dusseau: Jason negative
David Dusseau: Yeah, there's also like a sermon flavor.
David Dusseau: But oh
Dr Jameson: No, it's not the same as smoking. I know it isn't. But
Dr Jameson: I just I want. I just want you
Dr Jameson: We need every little thing we can do to maximize your survival rate and, you know, thriving through a surgery, you know,
David Dusseau: Yes. But do you think that
David Dusseau: Vegas region. I'm in high risk because of my lungs.
Dr Jameson: Well, listen, I don't know, I haven't seen all your records. So I really can't comment on what exactly is happening with your heart. I don't, I don't know what your, you know, ejection fraction house and all that stuff.
David Dusseau: I know like
David Dusseau: Know about my heart.
David Dusseau: Is about leaky
Yeah.
David Dusseau: My muscle strength is that 40
David Dusseau: Okay, and low, lower the last EKG, I guess, or whatever.
Dr Jameson: ECHO.
David Dusseau: Then when I went to go get operate on
David Dusseau: Or when I talked to the NCL just I got my new art. Dr. Mm hmm. They're going to sketch me for
David Dusseau: Ratio. Remember, but then they said, wait a minute. We're gonna we got to give you a hard cap.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
David Dusseau: So they did that.
David Dusseau: And I thought dollars on hats have stents put in
Dr Jameson: But you didn't
David Dusseau: They said, No, you're good to go.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
David Dusseau: And that's how I got cleared for sure. April 2
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so I mean that sounds encouraging to me what I have heard orthopedic surgeon say
Dr Jameson: In at conferences, I've gone to is that as soon as you're a smoker. Your anesthesia risk goes up to the highest level.
Dr Jameson: So you can be 21 with nothing wrong with you, but when you're a smoker you they have more complications and problems with anesthesia and breathing and that stuff. So it also interferes with the feeling
David Dusseau: To have COPD.
Yeah.
David Dusseau: I have
David Dusseau: I believe, just in the last year because I've been sitting doing nothing.
Dr Jameson: Well, that's just listen art our bodies degrade over time. Right. You know that even if you don't do any harmful, you know, if you
Dr Jameson: Eat and drink. Perfect. And you only vegetables and exercise. Everything we still lose function gradually of our kidneys and our lungs and our on our wrinkle you know everything gradually declines so
David Dusseau: Worn out, you know,
Dr Jameson: What I'm saying is, over time, your lungs are going to decline. When you're a smoker, they decline a lot faster. But what I'm trying to say is I don't think you just got COPD. In the last year. I'm sure it's been gradually developing
David Dusseau: Yeah, oh yeah, I've started at nine years old, nine leered cheese and meat. Inhale.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
David Dusseau: My older friends and then I
David Dusseau: coughed up for about a week and then boy I was getting caught by the nuns.
David Dusseau: My third and fourth
David Dusseau: Fourth grade.
David Dusseau: Fifth,
David Dusseau: My daughters and my but
David Dusseau: It was purple.
David Dusseau: That noon time
David Dusseau: Instead of going to lunch I eat real quick. Then go behind a cafeteria like
David Dusseau: On cross feed from the church and the school and go down a trick and
Dr Jameson: When I got back
David Dusseau: Some girl had told on me that he means smoking.
Dr Jameson: Good.
David Dusseau: I had to go to the principal's office.
David Dusseau: He smelled it on
Dr Jameson: I know you've done such a good job of cutting, way, way, way, way back, and I can't, I don't, I don't want to take away from that because that's really
Dr Jameson: Remarkable that you've done that, I just when you're so close. And we have this big, you know, you're going to like run a marathon during this surgery basically your
David Dusseau: Other people's vote. Dr.
David Dusseau: James I think it's ugly. It's
Dr Jameson: It's kind of
Kids
David Dusseau: And I
Dr Jameson: Just want your logical says as good as they can possibly be. Before you get in there on that operating table. Right. And that's, that's why I am picking that being that picky.
David Dusseau: Mine lungs.
David Dusseau: Because I never used to get out of breath going up and down the stairs carrying
David Dusseau: groceries and I get out of breath. Well, they heal themselves by quit.
Dr Jameson: To some degree, you can't. You don't like reverse all of the damage that's done if you stop quitting. If you stop smoking, but
Dr Jameson: There is some healing that can happen and then instead of the your, your lungs declining at this speed going forward, they declined. More like everybody else's at the like normal declined path. But if you keep smoking, then you're going to get to the oxygen point much faster.
David Dusseau: So, you know, that's why. Every insurance company. I just filed
David Dusseau: Or another one person there.
David Dusseau: Are your smoker.
David Dusseau: Yeah, well, and I realized how much
David Dusseau: Eight people smoke 988 does
Dr Jameson: It's just frustrating. So like, why are you don't worry about that so bad for you, but
David Dusseau: When I grew up, I thought everybody did
Dr Jameson: Well, they did. They did.
Dr Jameson: No.
David Dusseau: Yeah, I thought everybody drink.
Dr Jameson: Some, some, you know, some people listen to the memo that came out from the Surgeon General in the 70s right away. And some people needed a lot of convincing. Some people don't care.
Dr Jameson: Right or anyway but and you have done. You've done remarkably well. So I'm just, I'm glad you have those toothpicks, hopefully you can
Dr Jameson: Chew on those instead of
David Dusseau: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Feeling anything else that's dirty.
David Dusseau: I even got literature on now bad smoking is bad for you.
David Dusseau: Good Day, the day you quit automatically your blood pressure.
Dr Jameson: Jobs through
And your heart.
Dr Jameson: Your body can better you can heal better your body can heal better your animal. Yes.
Dr Jameson: And, you know, shortness of breath, it can be coming from a combination of bad lungs in a bad heart. So which one is called shortness of breath. I don't know. But you can also you're out of shape now, right, because you don't really move much because it hurts so that
David Dusseau: Badly out of shape.
David Dusseau: I could
David Dusseau: I could split and cut a quarter would in six hours.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I'm glad you're doing the yoga, I think. Little bit. Little bits, within reason, but giving yourself a little workout so you, you know, you get a little bit out of breath.
David Dusseau: Or what
David Dusseau: I want to get more and George
David Dusseau: Yeah, really.
Dr Jameson: I think you want to try to get your shape as good as your fitness as good as it can.
Dr Jameson: Do within
David Dusseau: Uncle and my mind.
David Dusseau: Yes, went on this week with
David Dusseau: My son.
David Dusseau: I end up
David Dusseau: Sending the letter he wrote me quiz Christmas, everyone reads it gets. Cheers.
David Dusseau: Yeah, and how much time he must have spent because he wasn't the best writer.
But
David Dusseau: That letter is so awesome that my sister made a copy and putting a brain minute this is it is writing at 12 years old. Yeah. And it was real bad. I don't know if you can read it.
Dr Jameson: Will you read it to me a couple months back, I
David Dusseau: Remember doing that. I remember doing nothing.
David Dusseau: But anyway, I send it to Stephen he finally was going to meet me
David Dusseau: Because I said I had some good news.
David Dusseau: I want I got papers and a major things that she had to sign them.
David Dusseau: And Shaw right I said I'll come up to you. I like to see all yeah
David Dusseau: That week I'd find out her boyfriend. She had her on how long, and he was such a great guy ran view they split up a couple times over the years. But he made big money. Is that a steward at Jeep or 38 years. I know you probably heard
David Dusseau: That letter.
Dr Jameson: Good. I have another patient waiting now so
Dr Jameson: That's why I'm interrupting you but I hope
Dr Jameson: I hope that comes to some some benefit for you on your son.
David Dusseau: Or you just want to tell you this quick sheet I took a picture of it and send it to her and she went to my son, and he says, I didn't write that she called me back you P S H I T you you wrote that as you don't know his, his handwriting. You must not check his homework or nothing.
David Dusseau: Anyway, everyone knows her ex husband Robbins, and kids that were all their Christmas at that dinner. We all had together. She didn't know about it. Even the gifts Boston god he had to leave with
David Dusseau: His brothers and sisters, the other ones.
David Dusseau: Don't agree with what she's doing. So my then I wanted to say is the hydro right it's about gone because I'm taking two a day if I email you, Jerry way, you can call more when I when I run out.
Dr Jameson: Was that your blood pressure medicine.
David Dusseau: Know as Josie helped me
Dr Jameson: Sleeping medicine. Yeah. Do you
Dr Jameson: Do need some now I can send that
David Dusseau: The hydrogen. Yeah, okay.
David Dusseau: That's fine. Always that okay
David Dusseau: I appreciate it. And then after getting hurt. I was hoping I could take one in the morning of the sub box and one in at noon and one at night, but I just
David Dusseau: Like, and that's what I was on for two years, maybe help the pain now that I don't know what I'm going to get
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Wow. So operation.
Dr Jameson: I would try breaking them in half, take
Dr Jameson: A take a half
David Dusseau: And I'm doing it. Yeah.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well,
David Dusseau: Alright, Doc.
David Dusseau: I will talk about everybody waiting.
Dr Jameson: Though, yep.
David Dusseau: You're a busy lady.
Dr Jameson: Fine, thank you. You too.
Dr Jameson: All right.
David Dusseau: I'm leaving you.
Dr Jameson: All right. Bye now Bye bye.
Dr Jameson: Hello. Oh, can you hear me.
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, there it is. Okay. I'm Dr. Jamison
Pixel 3a XL: Nice.
Dr Jameson: To meet you. I think
Dr Jameson: I was actually with another patient till just a minute ago. Anyway, so don't worry about the the time
Pixel 3a XL: A hard time
Dr Jameson: Yeah, well, hopefully. Once you got it, you got it. It's it takes some, it takes a minute but
Dr Jameson: Anyway if you wouldn't mind confirming your name and birthdate please
Pixel 3a XL: Caleb Stewart and 01 26 1990
Dr Jameson: Year, are you in Ohio. Is that right,
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And so are you. Some people are like, transferring in from other places. Other people are starting this from scratch. But where are you happy.
Pixel 3a XL: Yes, this is I guess from scratch.
Pixel 3a XL: I'm on probation and they wanted me to get an assessment.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Oh, how do you feel about what do you think about that.
Pixel 3a XL: Um,
Pixel 3a XL: I don't know.
Pixel 3a XL: I mean,
Pixel 3a XL: What do you want me to do.
Dr Jameson: I mean, do you feel like it's a problem that you have or you don't really think so, or
Pixel 3a XL: No, I mean, I know I have some problems, but
Pixel 3a XL: Drugs and alcohol really
Dr Jameson: Okay, what kind of problems do you have
Pixel 3a XL: A
Pixel 3a XL: I think I get like anxiety.
Pixel 3a XL: What do you call it diagnosed with depression and anxiety probably 10 years ago. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Bipolar or just depression and anxiety.
Pixel 3a XL: Just depression and anxiety.
Dr Jameson: Yeah okay well that's super common and then you I don't know about you, but a lot of people have uncomfortable feelings or emotions or whatever. And then they reach for things to try to make that feel better.
So,
Dr Jameson: That sounds like something you can relate to.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Um, any other sorry one second.
So good.
Dr Jameson: Sorry, working from home.
Dr Jameson: On the bed. Mom, I like it or what
Dr Jameson: Sorry.
Dr Jameson: Anyway, um,
Dr Jameson: So any other things you've been diagnosed with along the way.
Pixel 3a XL: No, that's it. I haven't been to the Dodgers too much or anything.
Dr Jameson: Like PTSD or add
Dr Jameson: The purpose of this visit is actually to review your medical history and any other you know stuff and then yes.
Dr Jameson: Decide if you do or don't.
Dr Jameson: meet our criteria, the criteria that are sort of established for somebody having a substance use disorder and depending on which substance, it is and you know sorting out what what we can do to help with that.
Dr Jameson: So I was gonna ask you all those questions. Anyways, what I'm trying to say.
Pixel 3a XL: Okay, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Um, have you had any operations.
Pixel 3a XL: No.
Dr Jameson: And you're not prescribed any medication, I take it, since you don't go see the doctor.
Dr Jameson: That would be hard to do.
Pixel 3a XL: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And are you allergic to anything that you know
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And you said no operations. No, no, like traumas or broken bones or anything like that.
No.
Pixel 3a XL: Me I broke my foot.
Dr Jameson: Seven operation.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so, so your have your you said you're on probation. Did you have to spend time already or
Pixel 3a XL: No, that's
Dr Jameson: The goal is to avoid that, I guess. Yeah.
Pixel 3a XL: I got a I got a DUI. I say,
Dr Jameson: What were you under the influence of
Dr Jameson: Um, is that the first one, or have you had others.
Pixel 3a XL: I've had a few of them.
Dr Jameson: Over the pet like what time frame.
Pixel 3a XL: I'm the one before. This was 10 years ago.
Pixel 3a XL: And I had a couple of them.
Pixel 3a XL: In a couple of years, more than a decade ago.
Pixel 3a XL: And then this one.
Dr Jameson: All right. It was always alcohol.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Did you
Dr Jameson: Ever tried to cut back or you haven't felt it.
Pixel 3a XL: Well yeah, I did. Um, since I got since the one I had 10 years ago.
Pixel 3a XL: I really
Pixel 3a XL: kind of stopped drinking for a while.
Dr Jameson: And then
Pixel 3a XL: I would drink every now and then, you know, get together, but not but yeah I put it down and then
Pixel 3a XL: Recently had some problems with my
Pixel 3a XL: The mother of my child.
Pixel 3a XL: We split up.
Pixel 3a XL: We were going through some stuff and
Pixel 3a XL: That's what I ended up leading to this one was just a
Pixel 3a XL: Couple bad choices when I was feeling pretty low.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, that's hard. Hard to deal with stuff like that for sure.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, yeah, it was, it was pretty bad for a while.
Dr Jameson: All right, is it permanently over or off again on again or
I'm
Dr Jameson: Not sure yet.
Dr Jameson: To be determined.
Dr Jameson: How many kids, you have
Pixel 3a XL: Just one.
Dr Jameson: How old
Pixel 3a XL: She just turned to
Pixel 3a XL: APRIL, APRIL 2
Dr Jameson: And so she just with her mom. Then, or what's up, what's happening.
Pixel 3a XL: We splitter.
Pixel 3a XL: On the days I don't worry I picked her up.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and that's something you came to agree about like just informally or has there been
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, just me and her
Dr Jameson: amicably anyway for now. Okay.
Pixel 3a XL: Yes or no. Okay.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, what kind of work to do.
Pixel 3a XL: I work at a place called Nashville plumbing and I make toilets.
Dr Jameson: So it's like a
Dr Jameson: Assembly sort of thing.
Pixel 3a XL: It's like a
Pixel 3a XL: Production
Pixel 3a XL: Actually worried
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Plumbing factory. Okay. And that's considered essential, I guess.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, you're still working now with all this stuff.
Pixel 3a XL: You kind of broke out.
Dr Jameson: I said, is that considered essential. Are you still able to work.
Pixel 3a XL: This somehow essential
Dr Jameson: Well, I guess, yeah plumbing is also good.
Pixel 3a XL: toilets. I don't think that's really essential.
Dr Jameson: Running out of toilet paper. I haven't heard about toilet shortage
Pixel 3a XL: No think people really need toilets right now.
Dr Jameson: I guess if yours is broken. You do, but
Pixel 3a XL: Anyway, that's just that's got to be
Pixel 3a XL: People you know yeah
Dr Jameson: Well, we won't argue with it since it keeps you with an income. That's good.
Dr Jameson: So, okay, and then who you are, where you live in with these days.
Pixel 3a XL: I live by myself.
Dr Jameson: Give your own do you rent to
Pixel 3a XL: Own it
Pixel 3a XL: I'm paying for. So, but yeah.
Dr Jameson: Most people. That's a very few that own outright their residents that would be good.
Pixel 3a XL: Bad reception or something.
Dr Jameson: Oh, can you hear me now.
Pixel 3a XL: Have you been hearing me fine.
Dr Jameson: Pretty much, yeah, I think, I think, and I mean it's possible is on my end, although I'm hardwired so I don't think so, but
Dr Jameson: Zoom is very
Dr Jameson: You know, extended these days. They've got a lot of customers. So the bandwidth is a little shorter than usual.
Dr Jameson: Um, okay. So are you a smoker sign up anything
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, smoke and I chew.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so how much do you smoke.
Pixel 3a XL: Don't smoke too much probably
Pixel 3a XL: Like maybe five cigarettes a day.
Dr Jameson: And you to you said
Pixel 3a XL: Only to work.
Dr Jameson: Because you can't smoke. Right.
Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: OK. And then these anything else. Sometimes time
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah. Time to time not often
Pixel 3a XL: The last time I did would have been
Pixel 3a XL: Probably more than a month ago.
Dr Jameson: Are we talking about now on our
Dr Jameson: Okay, so it's an occasional thing really
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, more than a month ago. Anything else that you've experimented with are using the past
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, I've tried a lot of things.
Pixel 3a XL: Um,
Pixel 3a XL: Tried like acid.
Pixel 3a XL: Mushrooms.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, I mean, I've had
Pixel 3a XL: A you know bike again and stuff like that.
Dr Jameson: uppers. I don't like math.
Pixel 3a XL: And I've tried mess.
Dr Jameson: Pretty much everything more or less sounds like okay okay but none of that has been sort of regular use or
Dr Jameson: No. No. Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right.
Dr Jameson: So, mainly the alcohol is the the sort of
Dr Jameson: Yeah, common denominator, it's not the way I mean it. But that's the thing that you didn't, most likely, they
Pixel 3a XL: Had a problem, I guess.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, that so you went like cold turkey before. Did you do meetings like what happened. How about that.
Dr Jameson: Oh, yeah.
Pixel 3a XL: Um, I just stopped.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And you said you went quite a while or you were just drinking socially for a while. Is that right,
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. And then, and then, when was this
Dr Jameson: Let's pick the spike or the breakup and all that time that was
Pixel 3a XL: Last October. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And you've been drinking since then still or not so much or what
Pixel 3a XL: I've drank like twice since the
Pixel 3a XL: Last time I drank was on my birthday January.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so pretty, pretty occasional at this point again.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and then an F. You just, you haven't done any meetings or talk, you know, like sought counseling or anything like that. Just kind of on your own.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: And when you had your birthday. How did you do tend to binge. Then when you do drink or
Pixel 3a XL: Not, not since the accident.
Pixel 3a XL: And I
Pixel 3a XL: The only time I binge drink since my last DUI 10 years ago was the night I got this DUI.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right. And then, so then since then it's been almost non except on your birthday.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Do you think about it like does it seem like it's, I mean, is it an ongoing struggle for you, or how do you
Pixel 3a XL: Know it's not it's not really a struggle, just for
Pixel 3a XL: It, you know, I used to drink a lot, especially when I was younger.
Pixel 3a XL: But uh it destroyed a lot of things for me and like at this point is pretty easy to just
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, I mean I can, I can drink, but is going into always at this point, always have that self control to keep myself from
Dr Jameson: Well, we call that replaying the tape where you think back about, okay, this is all the things that happened last time I did this too much.
Dr Jameson: Kind of your content you can recall the consequences and sort of predict them and therefore make a different choice which is definitely
Pixel 3a XL: The law.
Yeah.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, I mean I did you know I slipped up you know
Dr Jameson: Well, I think. I mean, the other thing is, is coping skills, you know. Well, first of all, maybe, depending on how significant Lee are
Dr Jameson: Affected by things like anxiety and depression, sometimes having those formally addressed in some, you know, other way so that you can be relieved of some of that, you know,
Dr Jameson: In a day discomfort. Right. And then secondly, working on which you probably have if you've been as mostly successful as you have it sounds like you have been figuring out learning, either with help or on your own. Other ways to cope with.
Dr Jameson: You know, trouble trouble troubled things happening or
Dr Jameson: Grief or sadness or anger, you know, whatever strong emotion you might might be that day like
Yeah.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, I know, I know that drinking. There's no
Pixel 3a XL: Solution. It's almost like a step backwards like there's no answers or solution.
Dr Jameson: To do here. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, we don't cure people of it, I don't think, but we
Dr Jameson: We help people.
Dr Jameson: figure themselves out enough to know where their triggers are and where they're at risk and then have alternatives, you know, baked in, so that it, it becomes less and less of even a
Dr Jameson: Year.
Dr Jameson: For a risk, you know,
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: So it sounds like you're. I don't want to put words in my you tell me, but it sounds like I would say you would acknowledge that you have up an issue with alcohol that it can get you into trouble. And you're 99% of the time able to make sure that you don't
Go there.
Dr Jameson: Does that sound.
Dr Jameson: Fair.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah yeah
Dr Jameson: So our program here is mainly well we deal with substance abuse of all sorts. But as you probably could guess the, the vast majority of our patients are opiate
Dr Jameson: Addicts
Dr Jameson: There are definitely things. I mean, there are certain like what I've been taught what we've been referring to the dealing with anxiety and, you know, dealing with life crap for
Dr Jameson: better word.
Dr Jameson: Like, those are all you know we can all talk about that in the same. It just happens to be a different chemical that that has been apparently you know sort of the
Dr Jameson: dodo of choice, but
Dr Jameson: I mean there's certainly theme.
Dr Jameson: There's a medication, we use for the opiate addicts, which wouldn't be relevant for you, but it is true, just so you're aware, and I don't know whether you have cravings. At this point, do you
Pixel 3a XL: Know,
Dr Jameson: There are some medications that can be used as sort of an it
Dr Jameson: We call it an adjunct or an additional sort of help.
Dr Jameson: Depending on the situation, how much at risk, a person feels like they are like, how much of a daily, you know,
Dr Jameson: clenched fist. You feel like you are dealing with.
Dr Jameson: There's things like anti abuse, which is more of a. Now I know if I drink. I'm going to get really sick. So I'm taking you know but you
Dr Jameson: It can be a deterrent for some people. There's other drugs which sort of seem to decrease the amount of craving, and desire to drink that people might have
Dr Jameson: Yeah. And then there's there's a drug called Wellbutrin. Well, we'd have to talk more in detail. There's a drug called Wellbutrin which you may have heard before. We use it actually for smoking cessation, but it's all it was originally, it is a an antidepressant actually by
Dr Jameson: Like definite you know it's mean kind of FDA approval was for depression. They happen to notice in the study subjects when they were doing the studies that randomly. There were more people quitting smoking in the test group. So that's how that's how that happened.
Dr Jameson: But it can also for some people, be a help for
Dr Jameson: Anyway, it's an antidepressant, but it can also sort of discourage that actually using some of the weight loss.
Dr Jameson: It just seems to help help dopamine levels without, you know, sort of bypass with allowing people to bypass. Some of the other means by which they're so for me levels, if you know what I mean.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so I'm happy to talk about anxiety and depression. Specifically, if that's something you'd be interested in
Dr Jameson: I'll come back to that one. Second, the way our program works, and I have to be honest, it's not 100% clear to me when people are referred to us by the courts.
Dr Jameson: What they're
Dr Jameson: If they are expecting us to just decide, okay, you just need some individual counseling and you're going to go do that or if they expect you to be participating in our standard program which is weekly kind of support groups base.
Dr Jameson: So I need to find out more about about that they, I mean,
Dr Jameson: I think our patients actually find them helpful because it's a group of people that kind of just get get where you're coming from on a certain level that maybe other people wouldn't
Dr Jameson: And we talk about coping skills and
Dr Jameson: relapse prevention and we just talk about whatever is going on and for people so they have a workplace event.
Dr Jameson: And it's just sort of mutually encouraging, I think.
Dr Jameson: Our that people spend and, you know, we usually still recommend people do some potentially some, you know, outpatient regular kinds of meetings and things for additional support.
Dr Jameson: You know, we usually encourage people to try to do that and get us to publish with somebody who can kind of be a sponsor or a mentor for them. So you have someone to call when you're having a bad extra bad day, you know, that sort of thing, but
Dr Jameson: At the bare minimum will do this evaluation with me. We can come back to that question about anxiety, depression, which I just raised and then change the subject, but
Dr Jameson: You have an initial evaluation with a counselor. At which point, they'll kind of delve into more detailed stuff about
Dr Jameson: You know some of the the whether there are any or not, I don't know, demons and past traumas and that kind of stuff. And then determine if it seems like counseling, which it usually is would be recommended almost always a test.
Dr Jameson: And then at what frequency. So do they think every week or every two weeks, or what do they recommend
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So I don't know if that's been scheduled for you yet. Do you know, has anybody said anything about a they call it a bio cycle, social, sometimes I bps that sounds
Pixel 3a XL: No, nobody said I can
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I can look in and see. Anyway, um, so we we do that there's generally
Dr Jameson: A set of initial labs that we do.
Dr Jameson: Just to kind of scream. You never did you ever inject anything
Dr Jameson: Depending on, you know. There can be various risk taking back behaviors that come along with
Dr Jameson: substance use issues. So we tend to screen for some of the infections and then and, you know, obviously, I guess, in your case, liver function testing would be
Dr Jameson: potentially relevant hopefully it's normal at this point but
Dr Jameson: Nobody ever said anything yet, you had any issues with
Dr Jameson: Liver testing that you've heard about
Dr Jameson: Are you there.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Oh, sorry. You know what you've never been diagnosed with any liver problems or hepatitis or any Titus or anything like that. Okay.
Right.
Dr Jameson: Have you
Dr Jameson: You mentioned that alcohol destroyed a lot of yeah I don't see any appointments coming up for you. So that answers that question.
Dr Jameson: Back in the day, I guess the first go around with this, what sorts of what sorts of things did alcohol sort of mess up.
Pixel 3a XL: Whoa.
Dr Jameson: You don't have to get it. I mean like general like did you lose the job. Did you, you obviously had legal problems because you got to do. I did it affect family relationships that it's like that, you know, Justin, you don't have to get into details, you can
Pixel 3a XL: Do it.
Pixel 3a XL: I was my freshman year I was going, I went to college to play football.
Pixel 3a XL: Scholar scholarship to Gary college and before I was gonna head back for my sophomore year that somewhere I ended up
Pixel 3a XL: Getting a DUI and totaled my car and I didn't go back to school after that so that that was a big change and
Pixel 3a XL: Your path and I will
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so that was definitely a big thing.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And how about family. I didn't ask you actually about family history of I meant to anybody in your family suffer with our struggle with substance abuse or alcohol or
Pixel 3a XL: Oh,
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, I think I don't know how diagnosis is racing. But my dad.
Pixel 3a XL: He's he Yeah he had problems with alcohol when he was younger.
Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: Let's see, he's sober now.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, there are talking about it.
Pixel 3a XL: Oh yeah, he always talks about it. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Let's see, supportive of it, like, what is this what is the
Dr Jameson: General
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, he supported you know i mean
Pixel 3a XL: He made a lot of bad decisions while he was drinking what not to say.
Pixel 3a XL: He understands
Dr Jameson: I don't know about you, but I'm not too many people make particularly good decisions on this.
Dr Jameson: I know
Pixel 3a XL: One thing that I've learned
Dr Jameson: Yeah, yeah. Well, yeah. When your alter your mental status to a certain degree. Yeah, things are priorities can shift. And then, yeah, just things seem like good ideas are not good ideas and vice versa.
Pixel 3a XL: So, yeah.
Dr Jameson: OK, so
Dr Jameson: I guess, let me take up let me back up again for a minute about the whole anxiety, depression thing. I mean, do you want to talk more about that.
Pixel 3a XL: Sure.
Pixel 3a XL: So,
Dr Jameson: What would help me. I guess would be to get a little bit more of a sense of like sort of on a daily or regular basis, what sorts of how what sorts of symptoms do you experience or what are you what's going on that sort of in into intruding into your
Dr Jameson: Into your, you know, peace of mind. So to
Pixel 3a XL: Have a hard time
Pixel 3a XL: Being like in groups of people.
Pixel 3a XL: I don't know.
Dr Jameson: Do you feel physically like what happens, you feel physical symptoms when that happens.
Pixel 3a XL: Sometimes I do. Yeah, I feel like in my eyes.
Dr Jameson: Tell me more about that.
Pixel 3a XL: Like hard to look people in the eye. Sometimes
Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: I can kind of relate to that a little bit. I think actually
Dr Jameson: avoiding eye contact, sometimes to force myself.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, I don't know.
Pixel 3a XL: You
Dr Jameson: Get like sweaty or breathe faster heart racing or that kind of stuff, or
Pixel 3a XL: I think sometimes there's like a
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, like a maybe a pit in my stomach or something.
Mm hmm.
Pixel 3a XL: Feeling a weakness.
Dr Jameson: Do you mean like your legs feel you feel physically weak or you you are saying that you judge yourself as being weak because you feel these ways
Pixel 3a XL: I think I do do that.
Pixel 3a XL: Physically is I guess I'm not affected too much physically. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So it's more, it's more
Dr Jameson: In your head and I mean that, like, no pun intended. But it's more like an in your head, sort of,
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: The thing is, as much as people like make jokes about that, like the brain in our head is like so amazingly
Dr Jameson: Powerful
Dr Jameson: A lot of things are actually in our head, and we can reset, we can harness that or we can we can fall victim to it, depending on how we
Dr Jameson: Put but for sure. I mean, there's also really interesting, you know, you hear stories of people that like pickup trucks to get their kid out from underneath.
Dr Jameson: That's all in your head, you know, I mean, it's so it's not necessarily a bad thing. It's just a question of
Dr Jameson: Okay, where, where we were at Lisa
Dr Jameson: How do you sleep.
Pixel 3a XL: I sleep. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Good.
Pixel 3a XL: I sleep. Pretty good. I mean, I, I work a lot
Pixel 3a XL: And I think that's why i mean i don't have any trouble sleeping, because I'm usually pretty tired.
Pixel 3a XL: Good.
Dr Jameson: That's great and things like appetite.
Pixel 3a XL: Yes, fine.
Dr Jameson: They probably asked, you know what, you probably fill out a survey.
Dr Jameson: Questions. You've already
Dr Jameson: I just remembered I like wait, they asked these questions. Hold on, let me look
Dr Jameson: It'll save you.
Dr Jameson: Time.
Dr Jameson: Do other people in your like family members have. So there's a thing. I don't know. I've only talked a little bit, but there's a thing called social anxiety disorder where
Dr Jameson: Being crowds of people or just interacting with people is kind of uncomfortable, which is actually extremely prevalent. As it turns out, in the substance use population. Yeah. Very, very prevalent.
Dr Jameson: And we probably see even more of them because people who are uncomfortable going into meet you know in a group are going to be drawn more to this sort of setup where they're at home, but on a video, you know. So we probably see even more of a pop up percentage
Dr Jameson: No trouble sleeping.
Dr Jameson: So the depression. The score is kind of mild and then
Dr Jameson: Anxiety, really. So, it is it is it mainly in sort of social context that you find your Hanks anxious or
Dr Jameson: Other times, too.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, I think.
Pixel 3a XL: Mainly social yeah
Dr Jameson: I know a lot of times people
Dr Jameson: You know, you just feel more relaxed when when you had a couple drinks and that turns into, you know, wanting that all the time. And that's what yeah
Pixel 3a XL: Definitely, I definitely used to use
Pixel 3a XL: social settings out i'll be drinking
Dr Jameson: Now do you avoid social settings. Now, are you gotten better at
Dr Jameson: being present in those those settings without alcohol.
Pixel 3a XL: Kind of losing. Yes.
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me now. I'm happy to repeat. I just want to make sure you can hear me.
Dr Jameson: That
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me right now.
Dr Jameson: That any better.
Dr Jameson: Hello.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah.
Pixel 3a XL: I can hear you.
Dr Jameson: Better. I was, I was just asking if you find that you're more comfortable in social settings now than you used to be, or you're just
Dr Jameson: avoiding them, I guess, more
Pixel 3a XL: No, I don't. I mean, I do. Avoid
Pixel 3a XL: So,
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Well,
Pixel 3a XL: I don't know. I think I'm
Pixel 3a XL: It's not something that prevents me from doing what I need to do.
Good.
Dr Jameson: And that's
Dr Jameson: Exactly where the distinguishing that's the criteria right there. Like, if this is interfering with your life, then it's
Pixel 3a XL: Oops.
Are you there.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, I'm losing you
Dr Jameson: That's it dropped out and dropped in I don't know, maybe the wife.
Dr Jameson: Network, there's
Dr Jameson: Flaky
Pixel 3a XL: Me.
Dr Jameson: That's, that's kind of our distinguishing criteria right there for whether or not something is like a quote unquote disorder or worth worth talking about medication or intervention of some kind or if it's just something that we kind of work on with counseling and
Dr Jameson: You know practice kind of
Pixel 3a XL: Exposure
Dr Jameson: That sort of thing.
Dr Jameson: So I guess I'm not getting a sense that it's necessarily at the level that we might necessarily, you know, automatically recommend a medication. I do think you know maybe
Pixel 3a XL: I would like to try to not
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Pixel 3a XL: You're on medication.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: There are techniques that the counselors can help help you with that sometimes can help with with grounding exercises and breathing. I don't know. They're the counselors, not me, but I know there are ways to kind of help people work through some of that.
Dr Jameson: I don't know if trauma has been a factor in your life at all.
Pixel 3a XL: I mean much.
Dr Jameson: Well, like, if any, any significant losses or traumatic events that you know still are things that you kind of think about on a regular basis in a kind of a
Pixel 3a XL: Negative
I'm
Pixel 3a XL: Saying
Pixel 3a XL: The relationships that I've had with people and the way that they've ended.
Pixel 3a XL: I think has a big part
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So the counseling can definitely help with that because I saw a lot of what we end up tormented by our own sort of our own internal narrative that we assign
Dr Jameson: To our world and our experiences around us and people in the same exact situation, one can be a real pessimistic person and negative about themselves and come away feeling a whole different way than someone who's, who's much more pessimistic. I mean, much more optimistic and kind of
Dr Jameson: You know, positive about themselves and you know self esteem and self image and stuff like that and you kind of end up sort of like snowballing sometimes because it
Dr Jameson: feeds itself. I think so. That's what I was what I was thinking about was that some people who have had
Dr Jameson: You know, Billy significant either abuse or, you know, things that have happened to them that have colored their, their approach to the to the world, there's a specific type of therapy or a
Dr Jameson: Memo dalbeattie of therapy that has to do with it kind of sounds so cookie, but it actually seems to be very effective with it any way you can help people kind of re catalog their memories in a way that doesn't
Dr Jameson: Keep bringing up a lot of emotional stuff. So anyway, we have somebody that does that count that type of counts that type of therapy as well.
Dr Jameson: Probably I would that might not be necessary for that may not be relevant for you, but maybe as you
Pixel 3a XL: Can hear me.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. And then maybe as you meet with a counselor, they may or may not say hey you know this might be something that might help you. So anyway, we have we have that available to for now, I guess.
Dr Jameson: If it doesn't seem like you're having a daily sort of
Dr Jameson: Fight with yourself to avoid drinking. If it's not
Dr Jameson: At that level.
Dr Jameson: anymore. I don't know that I would say we need to talk about specifically medication for the alcohol piece, either.
Dr Jameson: Unless it's something you're interested in which you've already said you're not so
Dr Jameson: The group. So for now, let me just double check with the staff about what the structure is intended to be or if I get to pick or we know how that works.
Dr Jameson: For the as far as the courts go
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I definitely think me with a counselor and hopefully if you're open to that taking advantage of this opportunity to maybe do some a series of sessions. So see if you can just tweak things a little bit on how your how you're reacting to situations in your, in your life, and
Dr Jameson: Hoping and relaxation and stuff. Things that any
Dr Jameson: human adult really can benefit from it doesn't, it's not a sign of some sort of weakness. It's just we don't we don't all
Dr Jameson: Come to the, you know, some people have really amazing role models of kids and they kind of get all they kind of take all this in just from growing up and some people
Dr Jameson: You know, it's not, if that kind of stuff isn't modeled for you. You're good. You don't necessarily you kind of learn to cope with the things the way that people around you cope with things. And if that happens to be positive. Good ways that great, but if it doesn't, you're kind of
Dr Jameson: Sort of left to figure it out yourself. So we can
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I don't see me again. So I would, I would definitely
Dr Jameson: Recommend that and when the counselor says one and I'm not going to get much else to talk to you about then.
Pixel 3a XL: Great. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: I'm going to leave it as a to be determined about the groups. I mean, I think the groups are great. And if you're if it sounds interesting to you anyway. Then if we can just pick a time and you can you can come in. Some of it will be slightly
Dr Jameson: Irrelevant. In a way, because we might talk about medication that you don't take, but as far as dealing with life and talking about looking for good things and gratitude and you know those sorts of other subjects. I think a lot of that would be relevant.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: What are your, what is your kind of general opinion about about going and doing a weekly support group meeting.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, I'd be open to it.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: We can always reassess as time goes on, and depending on what your probation folks are looking for.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I have your in Ohio. What's your work schedule like
Pixel 3a XL: It's pretty crazy.
Dr Jameson: So not not consistent, really, is that what you mean.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, not really. I mean there is, I do have a set schedule. But there's a lot of overtime and
Dr Jameson: Do you work first. And what shifty work usually
Pixel 3a XL: I can give you. I can tell you my
Dr Jameson: Schedule I work
Pixel 3a XL: I can do it like every other Tuesday.
Pixel 3a XL: I can do anytime after I get off at four.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: So after four would be better. Okay.
Pixel 3a XL: Do I
Dr Jameson: Need millions. Yeah. Okay. Well, I have
Dr Jameson: I have groups on on Tuesday evening for. Fortunately, that's the
Dr Jameson: I think
Dr Jameson: I think the 919 15 me too late.
Dr Jameson: To start
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: The other one is an eight I
Pixel 3a XL: Go to bed because I have to be a while before
Pixel 3a XL: Bed.
Dr Jameson: Oh wow, what time you go to bed.
Pixel 3a XL: Around eight
Dr Jameson: Okay, so they're asking me to it. So then you said what happens every other week. You don't work very
Pixel 3a XL: Well,
Dr Jameson: That there's an API. So it would be great when you're usually going to bed.
Pixel 3a XL: hour long
Yep.
Dr Jameson: How
Pixel 3a XL: Are you probably I could probably do.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean, the other option would be to do that every other week during the day on Tuesday. If that sounds
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah.
Pixel 3a XL: Okay, yeah, we can do that.
Dr Jameson: What time, I guess you get up pretty early, even when you're not working that day.
Dr Jameson: If it's 10:30am to okay
Pixel 3a XL: Yes. Okay.
Pixel 3a XL: It might actually be tougher to do
Pixel 3a XL: This I'll have my daughter.
Dr Jameson: Okay, do you want to stick with the eight o'clock, then
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, let's just
Dr Jameson: All right, I will pencil you in there.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: My, my pages full but people have moved and some people only come something not everybody comes every week, so it'll be fine. Do you, you go by Caleb right
Pixel 3a XL: Yes. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Alright.
Dr Jameson: So hopefully now you've you've kind of travel you travel shot if that's the word
Today,
Dr Jameson: She did with the zoom. So the way that any appointment, you have with us. I've always going to start with virtual clinic.
Dr Jameson: Is a change the process at some point but hope that's right now. This is how it works. You go to virtual clinic, you check in.
Dr Jameson: And then they once they've satisfied. You've had your labs or your drug screening or whatever it is that you know their surveys, they asked people to fill out every day, the various steps co pays if there were one, that kind of thing.
Dr Jameson: Then they'll email you the the ID number for the meeting that week which changes every week. So you do have to check in.
Pixel 3a XL: The email.
Dr Jameson: Maybe they can text.
Pixel 3a XL: My email I
Dr Jameson: Know,
Dr Jameson: So, okay, that's a good question. But when you're checking in, you can talk to them about that if you email isn't going to work. Me, they say, I assume they can text you too, I would think, but
Dr Jameson: I have no I'm not sure exactly
Dr Jameson: And that's not in my immediate
Dr Jameson: Like sphere of what I'm, what I'm where I'm working so
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And then that. So anyway, then subsequently you type in the new meet the meeting ID, just like you did with me. You know, so it was like a second number right so that it's the same processes just
Dr Jameson: The, the group meeting and said, it can take a little time. I don't know how long it took today for you to check in. But when we are going to match it will be a 15 people checking in simultaneously somebody's going to have to wait.
Dr Jameson: So we, we generally ask people to check in at least no less than a half an hour before the group actually starts. And honestly, you could check in.
Dr Jameson: Two hours before. If you have a minute. And once you've got that meeting ID, then you can go be doing what you're doing, until eight o'clock comes around. Okay.
Dr Jameson: We asked people to wear earbuds or earphones for privacy HIPAA reasons like there really should ideally not be anybody else in the room actually make exceptions for people's children.
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: You can't just
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so when I really worthy or two year olds going to go blabber. Hey, he said that, you know,
Dr Jameson: So that's, that's okay. We asked people not to smoke during group because some people are trying to quit or have recently quit and we don't really want to
Dr Jameson: Figure people
Dr Jameson: And then I mean I think it goes without saying. You would not be drinking or under the influence of anything else. During group and and you know as it sounds like you'll probably be on your bed, if not in your bed.
Dr Jameson: You know, focused on this for that, like, this is your primary activity for the hour, not in the grocery store or doing 17 other things.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: I think that's the main sort of just have it Rochelle is the counselor that kind of runs the meeting. I'm there too.
Dr Jameson: So if you were on a medication, I would be, it would be like a double a twofer. You get your refill. You know, if you need a refills and and meet but accounts and then have the support group at the same in the same hour
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: I think that's that pretty much covers my end of things. Any questions on your end, or
Dr Jameson: Wonders or
Pixel 3a XL: Know,
Pixel 3a XL: What's next,
Pixel 3a XL: So that means tomorrow. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: The first one will be tomorrow night. So if you think of it as 730
Dr Jameson: At little later than I don't know if they send you the surveys. The so I know you did a bunch of surveys, when you were just doing your intake, but they have
Dr Jameson: I think it's a good thing, but it does require some some of
Pixel 3a XL: The patients time every week to
Dr Jameson: Complete them. They're really the leaders like the chief medical officer and they're really into data. And if I do, I think ultimately they're looking at AI and
Dr Jameson: They will, they're really interested in tracking the factors that seem to go along with people either doing well or not, not, not having a good, you know, having a relapse or something. So they asked, they asked
Dr Jameson: A series of questions every week to everyone, fill out.
Dr Jameson: And we can kind of use that to track generally
Dr Jameson: How your how you're doing. And hopefully, you know, intervene if we need to. If we identify something that's show starting to show up. So
Dr Jameson: They send you a link, I believe, and I, I always thought they send it to you every week, but I'm actually not sure that they do and I you're expected to fill these out every week. So that's one of the checklist items and then checking in process. So if you can
Dr Jameson: And you said you're having a problem with your email so. Alright, well, we'll have to. We'll have to figure that out. And if you don't have a working email right now.
Dr Jameson: We can, we'll let that slide for for a list, at least initially, till they get sorted out. But did they did they talk to you about labs.
Pixel 3a XL: They mentioned at
Dr Jameson: The lab. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So another question I
Dr Jameson: Have we normally do a set of labs, which I know I mentioned, which I'm sure you heard me say
Dr Jameson: Let me see if they have an order in here for you or not, what's
Dr Jameson: Clicked on the wrong.
Different patient
Dr Jameson: Yes, they do have them in here so I don't know why you weren't invited to this, but we generally, like I said, I was saying earlier, we
Dr Jameson: Usually people know about it before they get to me, which is why I was
Pixel 3a XL: Just something, but there was okay. It wasn't very formalized okay
Dr Jameson: So we there's an order in here, we typically use the quest lab, unless you live somewhere where there's no quest around you and which case we find like a local hospital or something.
Dr Jameson: But we do a series of blood tests and then a urine drug screen.
Dr Jameson: Just as a baseline and whatever. It shows it show like it's not a you don't get in trouble if something's in there that's not supposed. You know what I mean, we don't we don't use it like that. It's really more just to
Dr Jameson: Assess
Dr Jameson: And in general, week kind of take that approach in general to, you know, like if somebody has like I just had a meeting right before. That's what I was talking to you before, before your appointment today and
Dr Jameson: Hit
Dr Jameson: Can you hear
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, no address um you know his. He had something in there that wasn't expected to be in there. And we've just had a conversation like what's going on and you know you don't get kicked out. I mean, if it keeps happening.
Dr Jameson: Or you know your person we're prescribing something for a patient and they keep testing negative for it and they're missing their medicine is apparently you know disappearing.
Dr Jameson: Somewhere else that's the problem right but but if you know we don't really. I know a lot of programs will actually like dismiss people if they have a relapse. And that's just not very realistic. I don't think to the way that
Dr Jameson: Is no addiction works. So it's not helpful. I mean, we don't want you to relapse. But we also realize that that's certainly like
Dr Jameson: The norm as opposed to, but as opposed to the exception, you know, most people over the green light. You know, you have not recently but anyway.
Dr Jameson: We rather work with you. And so it's like what happened what was going on. What were you thinking about what was your mindset. What were you know like, let's talk about it. So we can learn from this. Not all right, you're out.
Dr Jameson: So that's kind of how we approach that just so you know.
Dr Jameson: I think some
Dr Jameson: I think sometimes people avoid their test because they know that something's going to be in there. That shouldn't be. And it's not, that's not helpful. I mean, we'd rather know what's like what's be upfront and open about it so we can
Dr Jameson: Work on
Yeah.
Pixel 3a XL: My. I don't know if I'll be taking tests through my probation officer is that
Pixel 3a XL: It may well know that to you guys.
Dr Jameson: Well, sometimes we can coordinate and sort of share information. I'm sure you sign something because I'm sure you had to
Dr Jameson: And we can we can consider and. Yeah, the thing is, is I don't know if they're wanting to do blood alcohol levels. We don't typically
Dr Jameson: We don't usually check that. What the what we usually do after the initial bloodwork where you go to the lab. After that you do a monthly drug screen, but we mail a cup to you at home that you can just on
Dr Jameson: You do a little visit with the virtual clinic again. But you, you know, you put, put your sample in the cup and then you show you
Dr Jameson: You put it up to the camera so we can see what show so you don't have to keep going back to the lab every month, but we can we can coordinate. We've done that before where. Okay, well, they're going to do it anyway so that
Dr Jameson: May just for us the information you know the test results or vice versa.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, we can work together. Yeah.
Pixel 3a XL: I'm doing this to them. I didn't know if it'd be necessary for me to do it.
Dr Jameson: As long as we can see the results.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I know. As long as we have the information available to us, then I don't I don't feel the need to make you do it twice. Do they have you like
Pixel 3a XL: Flowing and this is our newest model.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Pixel 3a XL: What's going on my probation just started so I mean I'll meet with her on Friday.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, you can ask her, you know, say we mean they they normally do monthly drug screens. If you know what do you want to do you want me to just do them have them for them to you. Do you want me to do them here and then we could, would you be able to forward them to them, you know,
Dr Jameson: We can also have staff members reach out to them to if you don't have to necessarily be the monkey in the middle.
Dr Jameson: And then do they have you like blowing into your car or anything like that, you get your
Dr Jameson: No. Okay, that's good. So please
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, I had that the last time this. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: They make you pay for it, too. Right. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Like expensive little fucker.
But
Dr Jameson: I wish they had something like that for other substances, they don't
Dr Jameson: Doesn't exist, though.
Dr Jameson: Anyway, okay, so we'll PLAN ON. SEE YOU TOMORROW NIGHT. For the first group. And then is there a do you are you aware of whether there's a quest lab in your
Dr Jameson: Area there somewhere.
Pixel 3a XL: I don't know.
Dr Jameson: You can just Google quest.
Dr Jameson: You know, I'm talking about. There's lab born on this quest.
Pixel 3a XL: Before
Dr Jameson: Oh, okay, well you it's a it's a national chain of of labs and it depends where you are. But, but most places. There's a quest lab within a reasonable radius.
Dr Jameson: The question will be, if they're just taking patients right now because of this whole
Dr Jameson: Situation, I would call if you can find one. I would call them and just say, Hey, I'm supposed to get blood work done, they said they submitted it an order for me. Are you able to double check that you see it in there and what are your hours. Can I come like what you know.
Dr Jameson: What should I do before you slept over there and then find out one or two of those things are not not working out.
Dr Jameson: If, if they're closed. They're closed. I mean, we can't
Dr Jameson: Undo the quarantine for you. So we'll have to see, but I think, you know, more and more people are wearing masks. Now I think things are starting to get a little bit less.
Pixel 3a XL: Was a lot of people out today. Just use normal
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and I get, you know, like if you're wearing a mask and everyone has access to masks. Now, I think it was that that wasn't true for a while. And I'm hoping that things like doctors offices in labs are able to kind of get back to mostly normal business.
Dr Jameson: So we usually ask people to get the blood work labs done because it's blood and urine actually labs done within the first week just to get it out of the way so there
Dr Jameson: Seems to get harder and harder to remember to do it if you let it go. Very long so
Dr Jameson: If you can see if you can figure out a way to get that done this week, then
Dr Jameson: cross that off.
Dr Jameson: The list and double check everything looks normal there.
Dr Jameson: Is not a bad thing, we get a little bit of blood work done. Check your kidneys and liver and stuff like that. Anyway, it's been a while. I bet.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well,
Dr Jameson: Maybe someday when your kid or something.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: So I think
Pixel 3a XL: That's that just tells you if your livers healthier.
Dr Jameson: Right, so we just do a little screening for basic blood counts. I mean, it's
Dr Jameson: Much of it is probably honestly not that relevant to you because you're not actively using anything and you haven't injected things where you could have contracted hepatitis or HIV or something but
Dr Jameson: In general we we screen for those we screen for
Dr Jameson: STDs. So hepatitis C hepatitis B and C and HIV and civilized actually which is making a comeback so
Dr Jameson: And then we do some just basic blood counts and liver and kidney stuff because most of our patients were prescribing medication. So we kind of want to know what what the landscape is before we start introducing
Dr Jameson: The medication so so mostly it's kind of more just a routine kind of protocol thing for you, but not a bad thing. Anyway, since you haven't had blood work done in a long time. Yes.
Dr Jameson: Okay, you have insurance.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Unless you have to pay for it outright and then maybe it would be a bad
Dr Jameson: Okay, so we'll see you tomorrow night, and then I'll just say you know Michelle is the counselor, she'll invite you to know like if you'd like to contribute or participate, but just be you're totally
Dr Jameson: Entitled to just sit and listen when you haven't done this before you. Nobody's gonna, you're not going to be forced to
Dr Jameson: Give some sort of speech or something like that. So, don't stress about don't stress about the group, necessarily. I know it'll you know it's something new. So it's always a little
Dr Jameson: What's this going to be like. But generally, we just like the only time where someone might really kind of
Dr Jameson: Ask you to answer the question would be, we usually go around and everybody says something they're grateful for. I think Rachelle tends to start with that other groups they end with that. But it's kind of a general general theme. So just so you, you know, have
Dr Jameson: Only put on the spot. You can
Dr Jameson: Have have a preview of the test question.
Dr Jameson: But other than that, you can I rather wait till next week, I'm not really sure. I
Dr Jameson: You know you can you can Ponte don't don't feel obligated. If you're not comfortable
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Pixel 3a XL: Okay, I lost you a little bit
Dr Jameson: Oh, I was just saying I was just saying that
Dr Jameson: If you, you do not need to feel obligated to participate very much tomorrow if you'd rather just listen or you're not comfortable
Dr Jameson: No one will think anything if you say, I will. I'm not sure if I have anything to say to that or I'm not really comfortable, yet you know you. I'd rather wait a week I'd rather just listen. Today, you don't have to
Dr Jameson: You know, even if someone asks you a question. If you don't really want to answer it. If you're not comfortable, you can just say,
Pixel 3a XL: You know,
Dr Jameson: You don't have to answer some if you don't want to
Dr Jameson: Hopefully soon enough, you'll feel comfortable but but
Dr Jameson: We don't expect you to just jump in and necessary. Some people are fine. Some people are, you know, chit chatty talkers. Some people, not so much. And that's okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah, really been been a big talker.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, but you know, you still get plenty out of hearing what other people are having to say. And usually people find that there. Oh, like you know I exactly know what
Dr Jameson: What you're saying, you know, you just kind of get some some
Dr Jameson: Comfort for or, you know, just encouragement or
Dr Jameson: Validation, you know, like that.
Dr Jameson: I'm not the only one that things like this or
Dr Jameson: And what somebody else. Well, this is how I was. And this is what I did or this is how I started thinking about it, or I started watching this blog or I use this app for meditation or I do this, that, you know, like you get ideas of, say, oh, maybe I should try that, too, and
Dr Jameson: So you can still get planning out of the
Listening issue.
But
Dr Jameson: Hopefully we can tweak a few little things for you but sounds like mostly you've kind of figured out what where the problem is, at least, to a large extent, so
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean, can
Pixel 3a XL: You go ahead. I
Dr Jameson: Mean you haven't continued to drink.
Dr Jameson: And, and, you know, regularly and in great quantity and like you've identified that this is probably better
Dr Jameson: Left on done right.
Dr Jameson: So, I mean, I think you're you're already
Dr Jameson: well on your way. You know what I mean.
Dr Jameson: Don't have
Pixel 3a XL: I don't feel like drugs and alcohol.
Pixel 3a XL: Or my problem.
Pixel 3a XL: You know,
Dr Jameson: Well, because you're not using them right
Dr Jameson: And I'm saying, like, you realize that you needed to stop.
Pixel 3a XL: Like
Pixel 3a XL: Start before that, you know,
Pixel 3a XL: Those are just like those were. I mean, or alcohol, you know,
Pixel 3a XL: Was just like
Pixel 3a XL: A medication.
Pixel 3a XL: I'll tell you, just like
Pixel 3a XL: That's, yeah.
Dr Jameson: That's usually true for just about every like Okay, somebody might have gotten prescriptions for opiates for some operation or something. But there's always some other factor that leads them to being unable to stop taking them like most other people do. So that's 100%. Yes, exactly.
Dr Jameson: And and right so that's where we try to help people. And most of that a lot of that we do individually, because we don't need to talk about that in the group necessarily some minor, you know, broad strokes generalizations, maybe, but
Dr Jameson: Yeah, you don't want to get into the weeds. Right now, the group, probably. So that's where the counseling comes in. Have you, and you've never done counseling before ever like back in the day.
Pixel 3a XL: Um, I did on the last DUI got I think
Pixel 3a XL: I did a few sessions, but nothing that
Pixel 3a XL: Lasted stuck was
Dr Jameson: Did it
Dr Jameson: Help were at all, or was it just mandated or like what it's okay with whatever whatever you say it's fine. I'm just curious.
Pixel 3a XL: No, I don't think it really helps.
Dr Jameson: Well, sometimes the counselor wasn't very good. Sometimes they just, they're great counselor, but they don't really mesh with you. Sometimes you're not really in the right mind frame or mindset to kind of
Dr Jameson: Open up or think that you need to open, you know, just, there's a lot of factors, but
Pixel 3a XL: Yeah.
Pixel 3a XL: Definitely, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well,
Dr Jameson: It was nice to meet you.
Dr Jameson: And I
Dr Jameson: Look forward to seeing you again next week or tomorrow and weekly going forward. So
Dr Jameson: If you
Dr Jameson: Have any other
Dr Jameson: Do you have any other questions before we go comments.
Pixel 3a XL: Hello.
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me.
Pixel 3a XL: Oh yeah, I lost you for a minute.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I was just saying if you do you have any other questions or comments before we go, cuz I think you probably
Dr Jameson: Pretty much worse now.
Pixel 3a XL: No, I don't.
Pixel 3a XL: Think you're right now.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, we will. I'll be looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Pixel 3a XL: Alright.
Dr Jameson: Have a good one. All
Right. Bye bye.
Dr Jameson: Did you buy up
Dr Jameson: Okay, so for David do so he was seen for follow up of abnormal here and drug screen patient reports that he took several tablets of Adderall. One day last week when he had a lot of
Dr Jameson: Projects around house to do, I guess.
Dr Jameson: Period. Otherwise he 100% denies any use of meth or methamphetamine.
Dr Jameson: Period.
Dr Jameson: I guess you can fill in the rest of the conversation he mentioned about
Dr Jameson: Coming surgery and
Dr Jameson: Interaction with his sons older sister.
Dr Jameson: Mental Status and physical or normal UD severe
Dr Jameson: Plan.
Dr Jameson: Oh, and he requested a refill on his head drops to the number one. Number two, insomnia plan.
Dr Jameson: I'm patient will continue on Suboxone which has been working well for his opiate use disorder period, I strongly
Dr Jameson: Caution him against use of any sort of simulate given his underlying cardiac history period I advised him that I do not
Dr Jameson: Expect to see that again and his drug test results.
Dr Jameson: P verbal license understanding and agreement. Number two, and saw me. I sent to refill of his hydroxyl been which seems to work well. Number three.
Dr Jameson: Osteoarthritis and stay engaged osteoarthritis of the hip. He's still waiting for his
Dr Jameson: hip replacement surgery to be rescheduled which has been on hold. Now, because of the cobra 19
Dr Jameson: Pandemic he has chronic hip pain that is quite limiting for him right now. So he's looking forward to that. I encouraged him to avoid smoking and use other forms of nicotine replacement. If, if need be, to help maximize his
Dr Jameson: perioperative
Dr Jameson: Course, period.
Dr Jameson: Then the next one with Caleb.
Dr Jameson: His last name. He's here for his initial evaluation Caleb Stewart, I believe.
Dr Jameson: Patient is a 30 year old gentleman referred to us by his probation officer after he
Dr Jameson: Had a DUI arrest in October of 2019 period.
Dr Jameson: He reports that since that
Dr Jameson: Episode he has
Dr Jameson: Almost not has almost never
Dr Jameson: He had has had almost no additional alcohol intake, with the exception of his birthday back in January.
Dr Jameson: Period. He denies bingeing at that point, either.
Dr Jameson: Although he does acknowledge that the night of his DUI, he had had a binge period he states. This was largely triggered by a breakup that he was going through with the mother of his daughter.
Dr Jameson: Period.
Dr Jameson: These he had several DUIs more than 10 years ago as well and subsequent to that had stopped drinking on his own.
Dr Jameson: He did not
Dr Jameson: Do any sort of formal a or met with a counselor two or three times, but it was short lived, and not particularly meaningful that time.
Dr Jameson: Nonetheless, he's maintained a job and
Dr Jameson: Owns a home and
Dr Jameson: Had relationship. And then the daughter.
Dr Jameson: Period. He states that his he feels that his main problem is is related more to anxiety.
Dr Jameson: Which he elaborates is mainly related to social interactions and group settings.
Dr Jameson: His
Dr Jameson: He sleeps. Well, he has little in the way of physical panic type symptoms.
Dr Jameson: But he tends to keep more to himself and feels uncomfortable and arts social settings.
Dr Jameson: Period. He does acknowledge that back in high school. He used to drink in order to alleviate those
Dr Jameson: Anxious feelings alcohol.
Dr Jameson: Created a variety of problems for him.
Dr Jameson: More than 10 years back. He lost a college football scholarship
Dr Jameson: Primarily
Dr Jameson: Period.
Dr Jameson: He states that really changed the course of his life path.
Dr Jameson: Period. He had recognized that and thus has avoided alcohol with
Dr Jameson: These few exceptions listed above, period.
Dr Jameson: He just he denies cravings intrusive thoughts related to alcohol or
Dr Jameson: Other drugs.
Dr Jameson: He's not had any overdoses. He does have legal issues now.
Dr Jameson: I don't. He didn't mention financial problems does feel guilty.
Dr Jameson: So past medical physics I filled in.
Dr Jameson: I filled in his History fairly extensively review systems.
Dr Jameson: Some mild anxiety, but otherwise.
Dr Jameson: Sorry, I sort of forget what I was that I got suddenly interrupted.
Dr Jameson: Review systems, anxiety, but otherwise negative
Dr Jameson: Physical exam.
Dr Jameson: Mental Status and physical are both my normal template assessment.
Dr Jameson: alcohol use disorder in remission, number one. Number two, anxiety and iOS and parentheses question social anxiety disorder.
Dr Jameson: And then back up in the API somewhere. If you could
Dr Jameson: Audit score was 810 scored zero
Dr Jameson: His
Dr Jameson: PH q nine score was seven.
Dr Jameson: And seven score was five.
Dr Jameson: So I guess the third assessment would be mild depression.
Dr Jameson: And then plan.
Dr Jameson: And it seems patient patient has been reasonably successful at avoiding our use of alcohol.
Dr Jameson: Period.
Dr Jameson: Comma, at least since his most recent DUI incident period.
Dr Jameson: I do think you could benefit from some individual counseling, as well as group support.
Dr Jameson: Period. We will. He will join our 8pm Tuesday evening groups going forward, period.
Dr Jameson: We always also suggest of
Dr Jameson: Participation in na or a meetings for supplement further period. Number two.
Dr Jameson: Patients level of anxiety does not at this time of year to interfere with his ability to maintain
Dr Jameson: His employment and social relationships, period. He's not interested in medication, per se, period. He might benefit from a low dose SSRI.
Dr Jameson: But at this point, we will focus on counseling.
Dr Jameson: Period.
Dr Jameson: Next number similarly visa V alcohol.
Dr Jameson: Use Disorder and in remission comma
Dr Jameson: I did.
Dr Jameson: review briefly the various options for medication assisted treatment but patient is not
Dr Jameson: Interested in medication and given the fact that he's avoided alcohol use for months on end, I think.
Dr Jameson: He does not necessarily it's not seem that he's a high risk.
Dr Jameson: at high risk for the laps at this time period. This can always be revisited in the future period.
Dr Jameson: Next paragraph. I mean, next number we will the team baseline labs and drugs urine dog screen within the next week, come on the show will begin weekly
Dr Jameson: Support Group, comma, we will schedule his initial bicycle social evaluation. And then from there determine
Dr Jameson: schedule for individual counseling going forward.
Dr Jameson: Previous records are not really relevant since he hasn't participated in any previous treatment programs and hasn't seen a primary care doctor many years and I guess that should go an epi as well. He's not
Dr Jameson: had participated. He's not
Dr Jameson: Completed any previous treatment programs comma detox or inpatient
Dr Jameson: Rehabilitation period.
Dr Jameson: I think that's it for today.